this episode state yeah you know I'm
gonna plug into a TV bandit solo series
one well by the looks of it I just down
this tonal website for Texas blood by
the great Stevie Ray and I'm put
straight to the am here as you can see
trading the guitar and then if you think
this is some kind of super strat it's
not it's a made Mexico with a maple neck
used to have white picker on but I love
the fact that Stevie Ray have 320
sunburst and a black pig on it so I just
decided to throw down here and I'm just
gonna double this cuz I doubt it in I
thought it sounds pretty damn good right
compared to my logic smarter which has a
kind of digital tone right be a little
bit of Tegra 4 yeah
don't but um I think it sounds pretty
good girl I'll do a little bit Mary
Ellen
I've been sts9 probably and illness
today's Monday so probably beginning you
know when see I'm thinking other TS 79
I'm gonna go go and compare them are now
targeting throw this bad boy since I'm
liking this tone and I'll see what it
sounds like and then I'll make video so
salts yeah
bender maybe Mexico straight through no
puddles I like the tone maybe you will
anyways